In this video you're going to learn how to drive traffic and sales with YouTube marketing.
Now the strategy is very simple you just create videos to get in front of your audience and then you
funnel visitors back to your web site with links over the video like this a YouTube card or a link in
his description.
But you might be unclear about what are the type of videos that you can make.
And that's why I want to take you through three examples here for really three different strategies
and three types of videos that you can make.
And then you can really pick from the tree what is the strategy that's going to suit you best.
So the first example here is look see hair.
Very interesting company.
They are a hair extensions company and they have built a seven figure business off the back of YouTube.
Here is a great example of how they're doing that.
They have a video here three lazy hairstyles.
It's got over half a million views.
And this is essentially an educational video and that's the first type of video that she can create
on YouTube just an educational video showing your potential customers or your current customers had
to do something.
And it is something that features the product so you can see here in the description she says in today's
video I'm wearing this a chest nose hair extension to add volume on length.
So in these educational videos she is essentially featuring the product and showing potential customers
and existing customers really want to do with that product.
And so it's just a great video educational content is huge on YouTube.
Over 70 percent of the searches are like How-To searches.
People really come to YouTube to learn how to do things.
YouTube is the second biggest search engine in the world.
After Google.
So people really come here to learn.
So having this educational video is an extremely good strategy.
You don't always have to feature a product you may not have a product but you can educate people how
to do certain things and then redirect them back to your Web site.
Or if they want to learn more essentially want to give them a taster of what they can learn and then
if you can teach them more than read them redirect them back to your site product so you can see that
in the video here they have what's called a cheap card which really shows people how to buy the product
right now.
And that's a direct drive to sales on their e-commerce store and also down here in the description.
They have a link to the store and we open this up.
You can see where we're straight into this store and there's that strong call to action shop hair extensions
get longer ticker hair.
So a great call to action from their YouTube videos.
So the first type of the idea that you can make educational videos.
It's an extremely good strategy for YouTube.
Let's have a look at the second type of video that you can create.
And this is an example here from GoPro.
So the second type of video is really brand storytelling and go produce extremely well.
You can see that they have a video here firemans saves a kitten you could probably see the huge appeal
of this 38 million views.
GoPro have 5.2 million views on art to 5.2 million subscribers.
So their strategy is working very well and really is the story brand telling videos are people just
living their tagline which is be a hero.
So this is a perfect example of somebody obviously using their product to film this video and then they
are featuring their customer on their YouTube channel as an example of someone living their brand message.
And even if we come down original video.
So the original video was someone who just uploaded this onto YouTube and then they obviously just reached
out and said hey can we feature you.
Well maybe edited it up etc. and put it on the channel so maybe not every video.
You're not going to be able to.
You don't have a GoPro company.
But the idea is that you could feature customer customer testimonials customer stories success stories.
Those are other types of videos that you can put on YouTube to directly show your the brand of your
company and then get them.
You can see here and learn more about our commerce so they're driving people back to the Web site you
can do the same thing here and how you can be successful as well.
Now the final type of video that you can create on YouTube to drive traffic and sales for a product
or service is entertainment type videos.
Now these are probably the hardest type of videos to make for a business.
But one example of somebody doing this really well is Vante 19.
They are an e-commerce store and they make videos entertaining videos really featuring their products.
So will it blend.
World's Largest gummy bear.
So pretty bizarre type video for an e-commerce store but essentially they just do crazy things with
the products that they feature and then they they have a link to their store here where you can buy
any of the products that there is sharing.
So you can also make entertaining style videos to really feature your product or service or how you
can help people.
So this is extremely interesting.
You can also see they link off to Amazon so you could do this thing and Linkov to to Amazon or earn
affiliate commissions that way from YouTube.
That's another strategy.
So it's just very interesting to see that there are three main types of videos that you can do these
educational type videos which really play into the search engine on YouTube.
The brand storytelling type videos and the entertainment type videos.
So have a think about which type of video that you could create to promote your product or service or
personal brand.